---
layout: career
title:  Debtors
date:   2017-04-06
categories: career
location: Johannesburg
---

## Summary

Our finance department are a savvy bunch who handle the core accounting responsibilities of our business. As a member of this team, you know your accounting principles and the full accounting process end to end. You have exceptional general finance skills and would proactively take responsibility for routine calculating, posting and verifying duties to obtain primary financial data for the use in the maintaining of accounting records - and all this sounds like fun to you.

In this role you would be very customer focused. You'll review, analyze, and interpret financial and budgetary reports and your attention to detail alongside your strong finance and accounting experience will ensure that our business becomes a thought leader in financial best practices.

Every day is a new challenge, and you're continually looking for ways to help our team get better at what we do, in the most efficient way possible. A team player at heart, you collaborate with the team, advocate best practices and roll up your sleeves to pitch in when it's all hands on deck. You move fast while keeping your attention to detail, and you tap into your problem-solving skills to support our business objectives.

# Responsibilities

* Working with various locations/business divisions to ensure that invoicing is done correctly
* Daily receipting 
* Debtors book management
* Liaising with clients on account queries
* Daily filing and documentation control
* Adhoc duties as required and assigned
 
# Qualifications, Skills and Values

* Accounting Degree or equivalent practical experience.
* Knowledge of industry accounting practices, principles and systems.
* Experience managing financial systems and financial data analysis, auditing, taxation and providing financial advice.
* Fully computer literate (MS Excel, Word, Outlook, etc.) Experience working on Xero would be advantageous.
* Analytical competence: Ability to analyse and interpret information accurately.
* Excellent Communication and Interpersonal Skills: Ability to clearly communicate with a diverse range of stakeholders within and outside the organisation
* Attention to detail, organized and thorough with desire for continuous improvement.
* Excellent analytical skills, combined with impeccable business judgment and ability to communicate with management.
* Accountable: Professional approach to quality, time, costs and deadlines.
* Ambitious: Committed to constantly learning and adding value.
* Proactive: An understanding of the latest trends and their role within a commercial environment.
* Adaptable: Responsive to changing business needs and critical last minute deadlines.
